Midi files examples comes from this site :
https://www.vgmusic.com/faq/

Site Extract :
Can I use your files on my website or in a game I'm making?
We ourselves don't have a problem with it. Then again, we don't actually have any kind of true claim to the files themselves. We're just providing the archive services, the files (For the most part) were not made by us and are not ours. So, if you want to use one of the files you find here, you'd better ask the person who made the file. (Securing the permission of the sequencer is VERY important.) That should cover you against complaints if you use it on a web page or in a freeware game, as the only person that would care would be the original sequencer. Using this music in a game you wish to sell is an entirely different matter. Not only should you clear it with the sequencer, but you'll also want to get permission from the song's copyright holder. It's up to you to find out who all these people are, however.
One note if you want to use these songs on your web page: You have to download them and reupload them onto your own server. We do not allow direct links to files because it causes a strain on the server. (People who link files are one small step above people who claim that they are the ones that made the songs if they didn't in the bottom of the Internet's Scum Bucket.) It is also common courtesy to list the name of the person who sequenced the song (made the file). (People who claim that they are the ones that made the songs if they didn't are one small step above Spammers in the bottom of the Internet's Scum Bucket)
Also, please don't take all our files and make a VGMusic.com clone. It's pointless. We're already here and doing a good job of being VGMusic.com. If all you are is our doppelganger, no one is going to visit you.

Advice from MPTK
These Midi files are for examples, if you use it in your application don't forgot to ask the authorization.
Open MPTK setup (menu tools), click analyse button on the midi list, copyright are displayed in the right panel.